College Name
Vidya Mandir Ind PU College.

Vision
Our top priority is to achieve academic excellence and to provide a holistic learning experience, We understand the importance of value based education in this transient world and hence our focus is on promoting strong moral values and ethics.

Integrated Coaching
The Integrated coaching which aims to help the science students ace their competitive exams namely CET, NEET, JEE was initiated in 2014 and has proved to be a successful endeavor

Integrated Classes timings
8 am to 4:30 pm - Monday to Saturday
6 am to 1:30 pm - Sunday.

Address
Vidya Mandir Ind Pu College,
11th cross, West Park Road, Malleswaram, Bangalore - 560003.

Contact Information
Phone:080 - 2344 9671
Mobile:8618000643.

Email
vmipuc@gmail.com.

Founder
Smt N Leelavathi.

Principal
Smt Bharathi Babu Doraiswamy.

Admissions
Vidya Mandir college offers Admissions for Pre University in Science and Commerece Branch.

Streams
Science: PCMB,PCME,PCMC
Commerce:MSBA.MEBA,SEBA.

Facilities
Our College has Library with Hundereds of Books that can help Students prepare for Boards and Competitive exams like CET,JEE,NEET,COMED-K;
Physics,Chemistry,Biology,Electronics and Computer Science Laboratories;
Audio Visual Rooms used for conducting Workshops, Guest Lectures and Seminars;
Robotics Classes where Students learn and experience Hands-on Sessions in building a Robot from the Scratch;
We also Provide Student Progress Tracking System Facilities called OPTRA.

Timings
8:30 am to 3:10 pm for students;
8:30 am to 5 pm for teachers:
Office Timings: 8:30 am to 3:30pm.

Average Class Strength
50-60 students per class.

College Bus 
We do not Provide College Bus.

Hostel 
We do not have Hostel.

Extra currricular activities
Every year, Students participate in Various Inter College and Intra College Fests where take part in Social, Cultural and Sports Events;
We also Have an Event Technovaganza where Science Students Participate and Come up with Projects of their Own.

College Canteen
We do not Have Canteen.

Parking 
Parking for Students coming in Bicycles are Provided.

Library
The library strives to offer exceptional service by acquiring, organizing, and providing access to information resources for Boards and Competitive Exams like CET,IIT-JEE,NEET.

Labs
Laboratories for Science Students for Physics, Chemistry, Biology, ELectronics and Computer-Science are Provided.

Office Timings
Monday to Saturday - 8:30 am to 3:30 pm.

Achievements

CET and NEET Results - 2019

Sl.No Student Name        CET Rank       NEET ALL INDIA RANK   Section
1     Phalaksha C G        35                                     IID
2     Divya K              175                 3573               IIB1
3     Krishnakant J        212                                    IID
4     Shreyas V            254                                    IIC1
5     Sameera J Sharma     404                                    IIB

INTEGRATED - NEET RANK HOLDERS -2019
Below 75000 All India Rank Holders

Sl.No  Student Name       CET Rank       NEET ALL INDIA RANK    Section
1       Divya K             175                3573               IIB1
2      Jaswanth M K         481               18633               IIB1
3      Tejaswini P                            68541               IIB1

INTEGRATED - CET RANK HOLDERS -2019

Sl.No     Student Name       CET Rank     NEET ALL INDIA RANK    Section
1         Akash Shetty         547                                 IID1
2         Aditya S             920                             	   IID1
3         Adithya U Bhat       923                                 IIB1.

Admissions
You can apply for Admissions through the Website; Check vmipuc.org for more Information related to Admissions.

1 PU Application
Dates for Applying for First PUC is open and is available till 20 August 2020; For more Information, check out the Website vmipuc.org.

OPTRA Services
The Student online performance tracking - OPTRA This service is used to send regular attendance report, marks, announcements and notifications through SMS and email to parents; 
Parents are given a login to view the attendance and performance details online.

Competitive Exam Coaching

“The best preparation for tomorrow is to do today’s work efficiently”- William Osler;
Competitive entrance exams for Medical, Engineering and other pure science courses are becoming more and more competitive and they have become the single most deciding factor in the academic pursuit of the students;
Science students have to take up important competitive exams like KCET,NEET,JEE Main, BITSAT,VITEEE,PESSAT and others post their II PU board exams;
For the students to succeed in these exams, preparation has to be meticulous and super-efficient;
Keeping in mind the needs of the students, Vidya Mandir launched the facility

Advantages :

- Optimization of time, commute and energy during the crucial 2 years of PUC education

- Sunday holiday

- The working hours are reasonable and students get sufficient time for learning and other activities

- Catering only to students of VMIPUC, thus ensuring excellent discipline and personal supervision

- It is quite cost effective with a reasonable fee structure and reduced commuting expenses.

Fee Structure

For information related to Fees, Contact the college office;
College Office Availability: Monday to Saturday - 8:30 am to 3:30 pm.

Uniform 

Science

• Boys - white and greyish blue striped full sleeved shirt with blue full pants
• Girls -white and greyish blue striped kameez with greyish blue salwar and greyish blue dhupatta 

Commerce

• Boys - white and dark brown striped full sleeved shirt with dark brown pants
• Girls - white and dark brown striped kameez with dark brown salwar and dark brown dhupatta

Gray Jacket common for all students( Other jackets/ wind cheaters not allowed).

About us

Vidya Mandir Ind PU College came into being in the year 2001 with a modest strength of hundred students and nine lecturers
Initially, two options were offered in the Science stream- PCMB and PCMC
Subsequently, the Commerce stream was included
PCME in science stream was introduced, after witnessing a surge in the demand for the same;
The Integrated coaching which aims to help the science students ace their competitive exams namely CET, NEET, JEE was initiated in 2014 and has proved to be a successful endeavor
Built relentlessly from scratch, today, we can boast of an ever growing number of students opting for integrated coaching and the exemplary success of our students in competitive exams.

Science 
PCMB
PCMC
PCME.

Commerce 
MEBA
SEBA
MSBA.

Arts
Sorry We do not have Arts Stream in our College
Check out other Branches we have.












